readme.md, before:

# Kirby

Kirby is a file-based CMS.
Easy to setup. Easy to use. Flexible as hell.

## Trial

You can try Kirby on your local machine or on a test
server as long as you need to make sure it is the right
tool for your next project.

## Buy a license

You can purchase your Kirby license at
<https://getkirby.com/buy>

A Kirby license is valid for a single domain. You can find
Kirby's license agreement here: <https://getkirby.com/license>

## The Starterkit

Kirby's Starterkit comes with a small demo website and a fully
configured panel. Feel free to modify it and play with it as
much as you like.

There's also the [Langkit](https://github.com/getkirby/langkit.git)
in case you need a multi-language installation.

## The Panel

You can find the login for Kirby's admin interface at
http://yourdomain.com/panel. You will be guided through the signup
process for your first user, when you visit the panel
for the first time.

## Installation

Kirby does not require a database, which makes it very easy to
install. Just copy Kirby's files to your server and visit the
URL for your website in the browser.

**Please check if the invisible .htaccess file has been
copied to your server correctly**

### Requirements

Kirby runs on PHP 5.4+, Apache or Nginx.

### Download

You can download the latest version of the Starterkit
from https://download.getkirby.com

### With Git

If you are familiar with Git, you can clone Kirby's
Starterkit repository from Github.

    git clone https://github.com/getkirby/starterkit.git

## Documentation

<https://getkirby.com/docs>

## Issues and feedback

If you have a Github account, please report issues
directly on Github:

- <https://github.com/getkirby/kirby/issues>
- <https://github.com/getkirby/panel/issues>
- <https://github.com/getkirby/starterkit/issues>

Otherwise you can use Kirby's forum: https://forum.getkirby.com
or send us an email: <support@getkirby.com>

## Support

<https://getkirby.com/support>

## Copyright

© 2009-2016 Bastian Allgeier (Bastian Allgeier GmbH)
<http://getkirby.com>

Commit message:

reupload website with fresh start

readme.md, after:

# Kirby v2 Starterkit 

Kirby is a file-based CMS.
Easy to setup. Easy to use. Flexible as hell.

## Kirby 2 - EOL

Kirby 2 is an old version of Kirby CMS. We are supporting it with security updates until December 31st, 2020. 

For the latest version of Kirby, check out https://getkirby.com

## Trial

You can try Kirby on your local machine or on a test
server as long as you need to make sure it is the right
tool for your next project.

## Buy a license

You can purchase your Kirby license at
<https://getkirby.com/buy>

A Kirby license is valid for a single domain. You can find
Kirby's license agreement here: <https://getkirby.com/license>

## The Starterkit

Kirby's Starterkit comes with a small demo website and a fully
configured panel. Feel free to modify it and play with it as
much as you like.

## The Panel

You can find the login for Kirby's admin interface at
http://yourdomain.com/panel. You will be guided through the signup
process for your first user, when you visit the panel
for the first time.

## Installation

Kirby does not require a database, which makes it very easy to
install. Just copy Kirby's files to your server and visit the
URL for your website in the browser.

**Please check if the invisible .htaccess file has been
copied to your server correctly**

### Requirements

Kirby runs on PHP 7.2+, Apache or Nginx.

### With Git

If you are familiar with Git, you can clone Kirby's
Starterkit repository from Github.

    git clone https://github.com/getkirby-v2/starterkit.git

## Documentation

<https://k2.getkirby.com>

## Copyright

© 2009-2020 Bastian Allgeier (Bastian Allgeier GmbH)
<http://getkirby.com>
